# Counterparty-risk-in-Capacity-Remuneration-mechanism
This short paper wants to assess the suitability of the capacity remuneration mechanism (CRM). The solid financial background of the author helped in going deeper into this regulatory conundrum to propose a less intrusive and more market-sounding perspective. We suggest a paradigm shift that might reveal particularly beneficial in terms of aggregate welfare and systemic risk. 

In an energy production market that is increasing competitiveness and decreasing the loads, production companies are asked to receive adequate financing for building their plants to renounce their relevant profits coming for moments when the market shows excess demand. Unfortunately, these are the few moments where producers can make relevant gains suitable to cover investments. As a result, this scheme prevents the development of some assets in renewable energies or even in highly efficient traditional plants. In the few moments of instability, where markups are relevant, producers are asked to sell to the dispatching operator at a fixed strike. The dispatching operator is asking, basically, as a penalty for participating in the mechanism, to renounce a relevant share of the producer's profits. Note that the dispatching operator is not obligated to pass part of the profits he makes in peak demand moments to final consumers. We propose to switch the option scheme: to shift from a call to a put option, switching even the sides of the options market. The producers buy a put option while the dispatching monopolist sells the put in terms of overall counterparty credit risk. There is a general decrease in aggregate risk levels, as the credit risk of public (o quasi-public) monopolists is significantly lower than that of a private firm. This will be, for motivations given more extensively in the following pages, improving the aggregate welfare. Furthermore, the auction's object will no longer be the upfront cost of the (previously) call option but instead the strike of the put. The lower the strike, up to the lower bound, the higher the social welfare. 
